if you want to change the data sheet and adapt the dashboard to your own google sheet do the following

1. Create a New Google Sheet
Go to Google Sheets and create a new spreadsheet.
Make sure the columns are labeled exactly as date, time, and length, or modify your code to reflect any changes in these names.

2. Share the Google Sheet
Click on the Share button (top right of the Google Sheet).
Set the sharing permissions to Anyone with the link can view. This allows your app to read the data without needing specific permissions for every user.

3. Update Your Code with the New Google Sheet URL
In the gs.py file, update the open_by_url function to use the new URL:
Example: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/YOUR_NEW_SPREADSHEET_ID/edit?usp=sharing"

4. Ensure the Google Sheets API is Set Up
Make sure that the new sheet is accessible via the Google Sheets API.
go into google cloud, make a new project, enable google drive api, google sheets api, go to service accounts, make a key for both google sheets and google drive api, download the JSON file (GOOGLE SHEET ONLY)

5. Update Render Environment 
Make sure you update the Render Environment with your new key as if you don't it will not be able to access YOUR gooogle sheet with YOUR data
to do so go to render, go to dashboard, create a new web service, login to github, attach your repository with your updated code, fill in the information it asks you, make sure to put python file.py for START COMMAND, then the most important environment 
you put "GOOGLE_CREDENTIALS_JSON" and the value is the GOOGLE sheets API key that you downloaded from the google cloud. 

6. Deploy on Render (if applicable)
Push your code updates to GitHub (or your version control system), which should trigger a new build on Render.
Verify that the app on Render is fetching data from the new Google Sheet.

Limits regarding RENDER 
CPU and MEMORY: .1 CPU and 512 MB RAM which is sufficient for lightweight application 
Instance Hourse: Render offers 750 free instance hours per month. 
Automatic Shutdown: after 15 mins of inactivity, render will shut down website, and it will return if theres traffic
Bandwidth: 100GB per month 
Database Limits: render offers 1GB of disk space, 256 MB RAM, and a limit of 100 connections. (available for 90 days)
